<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN"
        "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
    <title>Acknowledgements</title>
    <meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=utf-8"/>
</head>
<body>
<p>Acknowledgements</p>
<br/>

<p>The following sources have been used to create this dictionary:</p>

<p>For English words:</p>
<ul>
    <li>list of English words and inflections from <a href="http://wordlist.aspell.net/12dicts">http://wordlist.aspell.net/12dicts</a>.
        Their git repository is here <a href="https://github.com/en-wl/wordlist">https://github.com/en-wl/wordlist</a>
    </li>
    <li>additional English words from WordNet <a
            href="https://wordnet.princeton.edu/">https://wordnet.princeton.edu/</a></li>
</ul>

<p>For Korean translations:</p>
<ul>
    <li><a href="https://krdict.korean.go.kr/eng/mainAction?nation=eng">National Institute of
        Korean Language's Korean-English Learners' Dictionary</a>
    </li>
    <li><a href="http://compling.hss.ntu.edu.sg/omw/summx.html">Extended Open Multilingual Wordnet</a>
    </li>
</ul>
<br/>

<p>
    National Institute of Korean Language's Korean-English Learners' Dictionary is a great online dictionary. They use
    Creative Commons Attribution - Share Alike License which means that anyone can use the materials for all purposes,
    including commercial use. Their copyright policy is available here: <a
        href="https://krdict.korean.go.kr/eng/kboardPolicy/copyRightTermsInfo?nation=eng">
    https://krdict.korean.go.kr/eng/kboardPolicy/copyRightTermsInfo?nation=eng</a>.
    Without their content creating this dictionary would not have been possible.
</p>
<br/>
<p>
    Extended Open Multilingual Wordnet provides access to wordnets in a variety of languages, all linked to the
    Princeton Wordnet of English (PWN). It consists of the Open Multilingual Wordnet merged with data collected
    automatically from Wiktionary and the ‎Unicode Common Locale Data Repository (CLDR). The complete data collected
    from Wiktionary is released under a CC by SA 3.0 Licence, and the complete data collected from CLDR is released
    under the Unicode, Inc. Licence Agreement. More information and license is availabe here: <a
        href="http://compling.hss.ntu.edu.sg/omw/summx.html">http://compling.hss.ntu.edu.sg/omw/summx.html</a>
    <br/>
    Original project that created these wordnets is <a href="http://compling.hss.ntu.edu.sg/omw/index.html">Open
    Multilingual Wordnet</a>. Its page reads: "This page provides access to open wordnets in a variety of languages,
    all linked to the Princeton Wordnet of English (PWN). The goal is to make it easy to use wordnets in multiple
    languages. The individual wordnets have been made by many different projects and vary greatly in size and accuracy.
    We have (i) extracted and normalized the data, (ii) linked it to Princeton WordNet 3.0 and (iii) put it in one
    place. The Open Multilingual Wordnet and its components are open: they can be freely used, modified, and shared by
    anyone for any purpose. There is a fuller list of wordnets at the Global Wordnet Association's Wordnets in the World
    page."
</p>
<br/>

<p>
    The 12dicts lists were compiled by Alan Beale. Without his inflection list creating this dictionary would be much,
    much harder. They're released as public domain. See <a href="http://wordlist.aspell.net/12dicts-readme/">http://wordlist.aspell.net/12dicts-readme/</a>
</p>
<br/>
<hr/>
</body>
</html>

